The President's Cup
continuous session timer.
Log in, register
and complete your enrollment.
Use the practice board
to test your system's compatibility
before beginning round one.
Select a round, start, and then confirm.
The session timer starts
when you start the gameboard.
The session timer is eight
hours for teams
and four hours for each individual track.
After launching the first challenge,
you or your team
will have the allotted time to complete
as many challenges as possible.
You can also forecast
future session availability.
The session timer runs continuously
and cannot be paused.
Your round score is determined by the sum
of all successful challenges
completed during your session.
You will have eight
continuous hours
to work as a team
and four hours as an individual,
from the time that you
start the game board.